A–Accept 接受/理解他人Accept others for who they are and for the choices they‘ve made even if you have difficulty understanding their beliefs， motives， or actions。接受他人及他人所做的选择，尽管你很难理解他们的信仰、动机和行为。B–Break Away 远离/放弃Break away from everything that stands in the way of what you hope to accomplish with your life。远离阻碍你实现生命里所希望完成的目标的一切事情。C–Create 创造Create a family of friends whom you can share your hopes， dreams， sorrows， and happiness with。创造一个家庭或一些朋友，你可以与之分享自己的希望、梦想、幸福和忧伤。D–Decide 决定Decide that you‘ll be successful and happy come what may， and good things will find you。 The roadblocks are only minor obstacles along the way。无论如何，你要决心自己一定会是成功的，快乐的。好事情会随你而来。成功路上的路障只是小小的阻碍。E–Explore 探索Explore and experiment。 The world has much to offer， and you have much to give。 And every time you try something new， you‘ll learn more about yourself。探索和经历。世界地大物博，可以提供的东西数之不尽，那相对的，你也要做出相对付出。当你每次尝试新事物的时候，你也会进一步认识自己。F–Forgive 原谅Forgive and forget。 Grudges only weigh you down and inspire unhappiness and grief。 Soar above it， and remember that everyone makes mistakes。原谅和遗忘。怨恨只能使你疲累，还会激发痛苦和忧伤。放开心胸，让它飞走吧，记住，每个人都有犯错的时候。G–Grow 成长Leave the childhood monsters behind。 They can no longer hurt you or stand in your way。丢弃童年时期的噩梦。它们已不能再伤你分毫，并阻挠你前进的路。H–Hope 希望Hope for the best and never forget that anything is possible as long as you remain dedicated to the task。抱最乐观的希望，要铭记一切皆有可能，只要你保持毅力，致力于完成这项工作。I–Ignore 忽略Ignore the negative voice inside your head。 Focus instead on your goals and remember your accomplishments。 Your past success is only a small inkling of what the future holds。忽略藏在你头脑里负面的声音。把注意力集中在你的目标上，勿忘你所获得的成就。你过去的成功只是你未来所能取得成就的小小暗示。J–Journey “旅途”Journey to new worlds， new possibilities， by remaining open-minded。 Try to learn something new every day， and you‘ll grow。对于新环境、新机遇，去旅行探索吧，保持心胸开朗。每天试着尝试新事物，你就会成长。K–Know 了解Know that no matter how bad things seem， they‘ll always get better。 The warmth of spring always follows the harshest winter。你要了解，无论事情变得多遭，最后总会变好的。温暖的春天总是在严酷的冬天后出现。L–Love 仁爱Let love fill your heart instead of hate。 When hate is in your heart， there‘s room for nothing else， but when love is in your heart， there’s room for endless happiness。让仁爱填满你的心，莫让憎恨蒙蔽你的心。当你的心被被憎恨占据了，心就无法容纳其他事物了；但当你的心充满爱，那你的心就有无穷无尽的快乐。想学习更多英语知识，请关注口袋英语aikoudaiyyM–Manage 管理Manage your time and your expenses wisely， and you‘ll suffer less stress and worry。 Then you’ll be able to focus on the important things in life。理智管理你的时间和支出，你就不会遭受很多压力和担忧。那你就可以把这些集中在生活中更重要的事情上。N–Notice 留心Never ignore the poor， infirm， helpless， weak， or suffering。 Offer your assistance when possible， and always your kindness and understanding。不要忽视穷人、弱者、无家可归者、病患或受难者。在他们需要帮忙的时候，提供你的援助，还有你的热心和理解。O–Open 开启心灵之门Open your eyes and take in all the beauty around you。 Even during the worst of times， there‘s still much to be thankful for。睁开双眼，把身边的美好事物都纳入眼里。尽管在你最糟糕的时期，仍然有很多值得你感谢的事情。P–Play 游戏Never forget to have fun along the way。 Success means nothing without happiness。尽管工作繁忙，但也不要忘了娱乐。没有快乐，成功什么也不是。Q–Question 疑问Ask many questions， because you‘re here to learn。多去发问，因为你在这里，就是为了学习。R–Relax 放松Refuse to let worry and stress rule your life， and remember that things always have a way of working out in the end。不要让忧愁和压力支配你的生活，记住，船到桥头自然直。S–Share 分享Share your talent， skills， knowledge， and time with others。 Everything that you invest in others will return to you many times over。和他人分享你的才能，技巧，知识和时间。你在别人身上投资的一切，会在多年后得到回报的。T–Try 尝试Even when your dreams seem impossible to reach， try anyway。 You‘ll be amazed by what you can accomplish。尽管你的梦想不太可能实现，也去尝试挑战吧。你成就的，会让你惊讶的。U–Use 会“用”Use your gifts to your best ability。 Talent that‘s wasted has no value。 Talent that’s used will bring unexpected rewards。充分运用你的天赋。未被使用的才能是毫无价值的。只要你运用了你的才能，你就能得到意想不到的收获。V–Value 珍视Value the friends and family members who‘ve supported and encouraged you， and be there for them as well。对支持你鼓励你的家人和朋友要珍视，在他们需要你的时候，你也要在他们身边。W–Work 努力Work hard every day to be the best person you can be， but never feel guilty if you fall short of your goals。 Every sunrise offers a second chance。每天努力工作，做最好的自己。即便不能完成目标，也不用感到气馁和罪恶感。每天都是新的开始。X–X-Ray “影射”Look deep inside the hearts of those around you and you‘ll see the goodness and beauty within。看清楚你内心深处的想法，你会看到善良和美好。Y–Yield 坚持Yield to commitment。 If you stay on track and remain dedicated， you‘ll find success at the end of the road。坚守对自己的承诺，坚持到底，保持专注，成功将在前方。Z–Zoom 选择Zoom to a happy place when bad memories or sorrow rears its ugly head。 Let nothing interfere with your goals。 Instead， focus on your abilities， your dreams， and a brighter tomorrow。当不好的回忆还有悲伤有露出邪恶的嘴脸的苗头时，找一个让你快乐的地方吧。不要让任何事情阻碍你的目标。相反，专注于你的能力，你的梦想，还有光明的明天。来源：wordmatters