原标题：《BBC随身英语：手机拍照的流行对传统相机市场的影响》智能手机的普及和社交媒体平台的出现让人们更加方便地拍摄并分享自己生活中的点点滴滴。如今，还有人会去购买传统的照相机吗？新技术的发明是否意味着传统摄影将被推出历史舞台？本集《随身英语》探讨这一话题，并介绍和 “摄影” 有关的英语词汇。Vocabulary: photography 词汇: 摄影We all love to take photographs. It's a simple way to capture a special moment, an amazing view, or just to show off your artistic skills. And it's great to look back through your photo albums and share your memories with friends. In essence, they show a snapshot in time. This hasn't really changed since the invention of photography in the 1830s. But one thing that has changed, is the equipment we use.For many years, we have used traditional cameras to take our pictures with. Our images were captured onto camera film which was then processed into negatives from which photos were printed – a lengthy process. And we've have had a range of cameras to choose from – from the simple compact camera to more sophisticated single lens reflex, or SLR cameras.But the biggest change has come with the development of digital technology. This has made taking photos quicker and easier. It's enabled us to take a snap and review our pictures instantly. We've been able to manipulate them in post-production, using software on our computer. And of course, we've been able to share them like never before – particularly on social media.Of course, now we have the smartphone – a phone that is, well, smart because it can take photos and sometimes very good quality ones, and we can share them easily. So does that mean the traditional camera will eventually become obsolete? Figures from Japan show how the market is shrinking: shipments of compact digital cameras from companies like Olympus, Canon and Nikon were down 39% year on year.But Phil Hall, editor of Tech Radar magazine thinks there's nothing to worry about. He told the BBC that while people are swapping their compact cameras for smartphones, "manufacturers are looking at the more higher-end premium cameras, high-end compacts, DSLRs, which are the ones you can attach lenses to, mirrorless cameras."Certainly, the growth of the smartphone means more and more of us are taking photos and it opens our eyes to the creative possibilities it can provide. And for some, it can be a first step into getting into serious photography and pushing their creative skills. But whatever camera viewfinder we end up looking through, it's important to remember the basics of focussing, good lighting and framing - and getting your subject to say 'cheese!'词汇表capture 拍摄album 相册snapshot （一瞬的）概貌picture 照片processed 冲洗（胶片照片）negative 底片compact camera 小型相机SLR camera 单反相机snap 快照manipulate 处理（图片）post-production 后期制作smartphone 智能手机high-end 高端的premium 优质的、高级的DSLR 数码单镜反光相机lens （相机）镜头creative 创意的，创造力的viewfinder （相机）取景器framing 取景say 'cheese!' 说“茄子”（照相时为了让人微笑而说的话）测验与练习1. 阅读课文并回答问题。1. What type of technology has made taking photographs easier?2. True or false: A compact camera is an example of a simple type of camera.3. Where is a popular place to share our photographs these days?4. What evidence is there in the article to show the sales of compact cameras is slowing down?5. Why does the growth of smartphones mean more of us are taking photographs?2. 请在不参考课文的情况下完成下列练习。选择一个意思合适的单词填入句子的空格处。1. I like your painting. It must have been hard to ______ the different colours in the sky.snapcapturemanipulateframing2. If you want to sit in the front seats of the aeroplane you have to pay a ______.smartphonehigh-endpremiumcreative3. Going to the museum gave us a ________ of what life was like during the war.snapshotsnapsnappedshotsnapshoot4. Making videos for BBC Learning English is a very ______ process – we use lots of imagination and ideas.processedpremiumcreativemanipulated5. To encourage people to smile when their picture is being taken, we ask them to say ______.cheesy!cheesing!chease!cheese!答案1. 阅读课文并回答问题。1. What type of technology has made taking photographs easier?The biggest change in photography has come with the development of digital technology.2. True or false: A compact camera is an example of a simple type of camera.True. In the article, this type of camera is described as a simple compact camera.3. Where is a popular place to share our photographs these days?Social media is a popular place to share our photographs these days.4. What evidence is there in the article to show the sales of compact cameras is slowing down?The article mentions figures from Japan that show how the market is shrinking: shipments of compact digital cameras from companies like Olympus, Canon and Nikon were down 39% year on year.5. Why does the growth of smartphones mean more of us are taking photographs?Smartphones have built-in cameras which makes it easier for us to take and share photos.2. 请在不参考课文的情况下完成下列练习。选择一个意思合适的单词填入句子的空格处。1. I like your painting. It must have been hard to capture the different colours in the sky.2. If you want to sit in the front seats of the aeroplane you have to pay a premium.3. Going to the museum gave us a snapshot of what life was like during the war.4. Making videos for BBC Learning English is a very creative process – we use lots of imagination and ideas.5. To encourage people to smile when their picture is being taken, we ask them to say cheese!文章来源：BBC英语教学实习编辑：涂鸿娟  责任编辑：润琰