Only a few days after Kate Middleton made her first post-maternity leave appearance ， the Duchess of Cambridge is being attacked for another one of her notable appearances—the one she made just hours after giving birth to Princess Charlotte in 2015。从凯特·米德尔顿产下第一个孩子后，几天后才和公众见面，到2015年产下夏洛特小公主之后仅仅几小时，就出现在公众视野，凯特王妃的该行为饱受网友诟病。According to， Keira Knightley， another Brit， had her daughter Edie a day before Charlotte was born， and the actress was NOT happy with how Kate presented herself to the world hours after giving birth。凯拉奈特利，另外一位英国女性，就在夏洛特小公主诞生的前一天，她也刚刚产下女儿Edie。她对仅仅生产几小时后就在媒体露面的凯特王妃很不满意。In the newly released feminist essay collection Feminists Don‘t Wear Pink （And Other Lies）， Keira wrote a piece called “The Weaker Sex，” and she didn’t hold back with her disapproval for Kate‘s post-baby look。 She writes：近日，女演员凯拉·奈特莉便透过了《Feminists Don‘t Wear Pink（And Other Lies）》这本论文集中写出表达了她的心声。在名为《The Weaker Sex》（《较弱的性别》）的篇章中，她把矛头直指凯特王妃。We stand and watch the TV screen。 She was out of hospital seven hours later with her face made up and high heels on。 The face the world wants to see。 Hide。 Hide our pain， our bodies splitting， our breasts leaking， our hormones raging。“大家都在电视机前等待，生产后七个小时后凯特走出医院，化好妆穿上高跟鞋，隐藏了我们的疼痛。我们的身体才历经分裂，奶水可能还溢出，荷尔蒙肆虐，但凯特王妃的在银幕前展示的是这个世界想看到的样子。”Look beautiful， look stylish， don‘t show your battleground， Kate。 Seven hours after your fight with life and death， seven hours after your body breaks open， and bloody， screaming life comes out。 Don’t show。 Don‘t tell。 Stand there with your girl and be shot by a pack of male photographers。你看起来那么时髦漂亮，却没有让我们看到你的战场，凯特。在你和生命殊死搏斗的时间里，身体被打开，浑身是血，尖叫的小生命从你身体剥离。但7个小时后，从你身上什么也看不出来。你和你的女儿站在哪里被一众男摄影师拍摄。Keira gives her own experience as comparison， writing：凯拉写下了自己的生产经历来做对比，写到：My vagina split。 You came out with your eyes open。 Arms up in the air。 Screaming。 They put you on to me， covered in blood， vernix， your head misshapen from the birth canal。我的阴道被撕裂。你生出来的时候眼睛是睁开的。手臂伸长，哭喊着。医生们把你抱给我，你身上包裹着血和胎脂，你的头经过产道而变形，You latched on to my breast immediately， hungrily， I remember the pain。 I remember the s—， the vomit， the blood， the stitches。 I remember my battleground。 Your battleground and life pulsating。 Surviving。 And I am the weaker sex？你立刻饥渴地吮吸我的奶头，我还记得那种痛。我还记得呕吐，血，和产后缝针。我记得我的战场，我的战场和生命的喘息，最后才得以火了下来。所以我真的显得很弱么？Keira‘s essay is meant to combat the pressure put on new mothers to appear a certain way—and it sounds like she was fed up with Kate for adding to that pressure （the Duchess made glam post-birth appearances for all three of her children）。