想要休息，但宿舍太吵？如果环境迫使你要喊shut up，那么下面这篇文章对你一定有所用处。哪怕是shut up，也可以不重样。1。 Put a sock in itimpolitely telling someone to stop talking or making a noise不客气地让某人安静Couldn’t you put a sock in it？ I’d love to do some work， but I can’t in this noise。能不能把嘴闭上？你太吵了，我根本无法工作。Put a sock in it， there are people who are trying to sleep around here。别说话，有人正准备睡觉呢。2。 Cork it / put a cork in ittelling someone to be quiet要求某人安静It’s too late and we’re fed up with your stories –cork it and go to sleep。夜已深，而且我们听够你的故事了——别讲了，睡吧。Don’t you want to work instead of talking all the time？ Cork it and take your tools。滔滔不绝地说废话，难道你不打算工作么？赶紧闭嘴拿上工具干活吧。3。 Button ittelling someone rudely to be quiet粗鲁地让某人保持安静Button it， can’t you？ I’m trying to concentrate。闭上嘴，行吗？我正努力集中精力。If you don’t button it， I’ll get up and go away。你再不闭嘴，我就走了。4。 Shut up / shut your pie holea rude way to tell someone to be quiet （pie hole = mouth /slang/）无礼地让某人安静（派口=嘴/俚语/）Shut your pie hole or I’ll shut it for you！把嘴闭上，不然我就帮你闭上。Shut your pie hole and mind what you’re doing！闭嘴，看看你在做什么！5。 Zip （up） your lip（s） / zip it upan informal way to tell someone to be quiet让他人安静的一种非正式说法Zip your lips， boys， and listen to me。孩子们，安静，听我说。We told her to be quiet， but she just couldn’t zip it up。我们想让她安静，可她偏要讲话。6。 Wind your neck ina rude way to tell someone to be quiet and/or calm down一种让人安/冷静的无礼说法Cool down， buddy， wind your neck in， you’ve made enough troubles already。冷静点，兄弟，少说几句，你惹的麻烦已经够多了。Wind your neck in and sit quiet， we’ve taken the wrong road due to your talking nonsense。少说几句吧，好好坐着。你的胡言乱语已经把我们带错路了。7。 Simmer downcalm down after anger or excitement； an informal way to tell someone to cool down愤怒或兴奋后平静下来。让某人冷静的非正式表达Please don’t shout， simmer down， there’s no point in rejoicing yet。别大喊大叫，安静一点，这没有什么可庆祝的。Simmer down， guys， we’d better work first and make a party later。冷静点，弟兄们，我们最好干完活在庆祝。8。 Pipe downan informal way to tell someone to stop talking and/or to make less noise让某人安静或减少噪音的一种非正式表达The teacher shouted at the kids to pipe down but all in vain， none of them stopped talking。虽然老师拼命让孩子们安静下来，但徒劳无功，大家依然叽叽喳喳说个不停。Will you tell your mates to pipe down？ I can’t work in this noise。能让你的伙伴小声一点么？我想做点事儿，但是噪音太大，做不了。你喜欢这些习语么？来源：口袋英语精选微信公众账号