小编就给大家来科普一下厕所英语：Do you usually say， “I’m going to the toilet” in English？你是否常用“I’m going to the toilet”来表达上厕所呢？Although saying this can be correct in some contexts， it can be overly direct or even rude–especially in American English。虽然某些情况下这是对的，但是这种说法有点太过直接，甚至粗鲁了——尤其在美式英语中。It’s not necessary to restrict yourself to just this literal phrase when in English we have so many varieties of expressing this phrase。其实你大可不必只使用这一个短语，英文中还有很多用来表达相同意思的语句。想学习更多英语知识，请关注口袋英语aikoudaiyy　Today， I’m going to teach you everything from the most polite ways to say this， to the crass [rude] expressions that you’ll only want to say around the closest of friends。今天，我就教大家英文中所有关于表达“去上厕所”的短语，从最礼貌的方式到最粗鲁、只能同最亲密的朋友说的方式一应俱全。Are you ready to learn some fun， and extremely useful English？ Then let’s go！准备好学习最有趣、最实用的英语了吗？我们开始吧！The following 22 toilet related vocabulary and expressions are sorted from the most polite， to the rudest and most vulgar。下面这22个和厕所有关的词汇和表达是按照从礼貌到粗俗来排序的。Formal正式The following are appropriate in any situation：下面这些表达适用于任何场合：Bathroom卫生间Example： I’m gonna [going to] go to the bathroom。例：我要用一下卫生间。Restroom洗手间Example： Where is the restroom？例：请问洗手间在哪？Little boy’s/girl’s room男/女厕所Example： I’ll be right back， I need to use the little girl’s room。例：我马上就回来，我想去一下洗手间。Powder my nose去洗手间（注：由女士去卫生间补妆引申而来）Example： Excuse me， I need to powder my nose。例：不好意思，我想去一下卫生间。Familiar熟悉The following are appropriate with family or friends：下面这些表达适合同家人或朋友说：Pee撒尿Example： Where’ the bathroom？ I need to pee。例：卫生间在哪儿？我要尿尿。Tinkle （mostly used by older women）尿尿（一般为较年长的女性使用）Example： I drank too much water！ I have to go tinkle。例：我喝了太多水！我要去尿尿。Go （when used in context）方便一下（在语境中使用）Example： Where’s the bathroom， I really have to go！例：厕所在哪，我真的要去方便一下了！Potty （Generally used by children）上厕所（一般儿童使用）Example （noun）： Where’s the potty？例（名词）：厕所在哪？Example （verb）： Mama， I have to potty。例（动词）：妈妈：我要上厕所。Take a 1/2 （number 1 refers to peeing， number 2 to pooping）大小便（1指的是小便，2指大便）Example： Person 1 – I have to go to the bathroom。例：甲——我要上厕所。Person 2 – Number 1 or number 2？乙——小便还是大便？My bladder is bursting （when you really have to go）我的膀胱要炸了（真的憋不住的时候使用）Example： Stop the car！ My bladder is bursting。停车！我憋不住了。Rude粗鲁The following are appropriate only with friends：下面这些表达只能和朋友说：John茅坑Example： Where’s the John？ I have to take a number 2。例：茅坑在哪？我要大便。Loo （UK - can be familiar or rude， depending on where you are）厕所（英式英语——根据不同的场合，这个词可以表现亲密，也可以表现粗鲁）Example： I’ll be right back， I’m gonna go to the loo。例：我马上回来，我要去厕所。Crapper厕所Example： Hey man， where’s the crapper？例：嘿，哥们儿，厕所在哪？Take a leak上厕所Example： He has to take a leak， where’s your bathroom？例：他要尿尿，厕所在哪？Pee oneself （when you really have to go）尿裤子（憋不住的时候使用）Example： I’m about to pee myself， let’s go home。例：我要尿裤子了，回家吧。Can厕所Example： Do you mind telling me where’s the can？不介意告诉我厕所在哪吧？Vulgar粗俗The following should only be used with close friends， if ever。 Also remember that it is more common for men to use these expressions than women。可以的话，下面这些只能对最最亲密的朋友说。记住一般男性比女性更常使用这些表达。Shit拉屎Example： Man， where’s the can， I need to go shit。例：喂，厕所在哪，我要去拉屎。Dump拉屎Example： He went to take a dump。例：他去拉屎了。Shitter马桶Example： I’ve gotta [got to] use your shitter。例：我要用下你马桶。Piss小便Example： We drank a lot of beer and now we all have to piss。例：我们酒喝多了，现在要去小便。Pisser厕所Example： Mind if I use your pisser？例：不介意我用下你厕所吧？Piss oneself （same as pee oneself， but cruder）尿裤子（和pee oneself一样，但更粗俗一点）In Conclusion总结Having a rich vocabulary is important， especially if you want to sound like a native。 However， it’s perhaps even more important to know when to appropriately use these phrases， and not to sound rude in a second language。丰富词汇量很重要，尤其是你想要将英语说得和母语一样流利时。但是知道如何正确的使用这些词汇短语并且听起来不粗鲁更重要。来源：口袋英语精选微信公众账号