原标题：《BBC英语大破解：专为老年男性开设的烹饪班》（Frank, cookery student）（弗兰克 烹饪班学生）I really have to look after her.“我真的需要照顾她。”Frank and Marion have been married for 63 years.弗兰克和玛丽昂结婚已经六十三年了。（Frank, cookery student）（弗兰克 烹饪班学生）I’m her carer. And she’s not a well lady.“我是她的护理员。她身体不太好。”Marion used to do most of the cooking but she has Alzheimer’s disease – the most common form of dementia – so that’s becoming harder. So Frank has been going to cooking classes run by Age UK, Barnet, aimed at men who, like Frank, would like to cook but have never learned.过去多是玛丽昂下厨，但因为她现在患有阿兹海默症，即最常见的失智症类型，做饭对她来说变得越来越难。所以，弗兰克近期参加了由慈善机构 “Age UK” 在巴尼特区开办的烹饪课，此课程面向弗兰克这样从没学过但想要开始做饭的男性。（Cookery student）（烹饪班学生）My wife passed away three years ago and I’ve relied entirely on her capabilities as a wife and a cook.“我妻子在三年前去世了，在那之前，她是我妻子兼厨师，我完全依赖她做饭。”Nancy runs the class voluntarily.南茜自愿管理这个烹饪班。Nancy Nelson, Age UK volunteer（南茜·尼尔森 “Age UK” 志愿者）You’ve got a whole generation of men out there this particular age – between 70s and 80s, even up to 90 – who’ve never learned to cook. That was the generation that didn’t do it. So they come to these classes, they get some skills, they get some company and they have a bit of fun as well.“在这里上课的人的年龄多是七十多岁到八十多岁之间，甚至有九十岁高龄的人，他们这一代男性从没学过做饭。那个年代的男性就没学过。所以，现在来这里上课，学习烹饪技巧，结识一些伙伴，还能让自己开心娱乐一下。”There are classes like this across the UK but Age UK would like to offer more – a way of tackling loneliness and boosting healthy eating.英国各地都有类似的烹饪班，但 “Age UK” 想提供更多服务，以解决老年孤独和促进健康饮食的方法。（Frank, cookery student）（弗兰克 烹饪班学生）If it wasn’t for this, I would be absolutely useless at home. I can now do my share of cooking at home, take a weight off my wife’s shoulders. And really, it’s the greatest thing that’s happened to me in years.“如果没来上烹饪课，我在家里就派不上一点用场。现在我在家里也能做饭了，减轻了妻子的负担。这真是近些年来在我身上发生的最好的事。”（Reporter）（记者）What’s it like now Frank’s been going to these cooking classes?“弗兰克最近一直在上烹饪课，你觉得有什么变化吗？”（Marion, cookery student's wife）（玛丽昂 烹饪班学生弗兰克的妻子）Well, it’s very good actually because it’s good experience for him.“嗯，其实非常好，因为对他来说，这是很好的经历。”（Reporter）（记者）Do you have a favourite dish he can now cook?“在他目前会做的菜里，你最喜欢哪一道？”（Marion, cookery student's wife）（玛丽昂 烹饪班学生弗兰克的妻子）Chicken, I think. Chicken.“我想是鸡肉。鸡肉。”词汇look after (somebody) 照顾（某人）carer 护理员relied on 依靠、依赖take a weigh off somebody's shoulders 令某人感到如释重负你知道吗？Apparently, women still do the vast majority of cooking in the average British household. 76% of the women who took part in a survey by BBC Good Food magazine said the task would generally fall to them.根据调查，在普通英国家庭中，女性仍承担绝大部分下厨的责任。在参与由《BBC 美食》杂志开展的调查的女性中，有76%的人说这项任务通常会落在她们身上。问题答案According to Age UK volunteer Nancy Nelson, a generation of men between 70 and 90 years old have never learned to cook.文章来源：BBC英语教学实习编辑：涂鸿娟  责任编辑：润琰