原标题：《BBC随身英语：英国学生的日常饮食》刚刚入学的大学生会遇到很多新挑战，尤其是当你初次离开家长，独自生活的时候。其中，最大的挑战就是喂饱自己的肚子了：没有家长的照料，你每天吃什么？你会做什么菜？这些都是需要考虑的问题。英国的学生平时吃什么？本集《随身英语》介绍英国学生的冰箱里常备的食物。Vocabulary: cooking and eating 词汇:烹饪和饮食Starting at university or college can be a big challenge, especially if you’re living away from home for the first time. You're faced with big questions such as, ‘Who's going to do my washing?’ ‘Who's going to tidy my room?’ And, most importantly, ‘How am I going to eat?’ Yes, living on your own means you have to cook for yourself, and when you're living a student lifestyle, this could be a recipe for disaster.Students, in the UK at least, often rely on staples such as baked beans or cheese on toast. And for the more adventurous, there's 'spag bol' – spaghetti bolognaise - a budget-friendly bowl of minced beef cooked in a tomato sauce, served on a bed of spaghetti. If you make a huge pan of it, you can probably make it last a whole week! Other low-cost options include jar sauces and oven pizzas.Recently, a British supermarket suggested that rose harissa paste, organic cider vinegar and Swiss bouillon powder were the essential ingredients needed for the 'student store cupboard'. But are these items considered essential and affordable for someone on a budget?Catrin Stewart is 20 and in her final year at the University of Manchester and is currently food editor of the student paper. She told BBC News that "I'm in a unique position… I'm in a house of eight people and six are vegan. We have to be quite inventive with our food. We have lots of Asian influences, lots of experimenting." Another student, Eleanor, is vegetarian and finds this meat-free food "easier and less expensive".Living on a limited budget is certainly one obstacle to eating a well-balanced diet – some young people also have limited culinary expertise and besides, there are more fun things to go and do than stay at home and cook, that's why many students survive on takeaways and microwave meals.But what should a health-conscious student really have in his or her food cupboard? Jack Monroe, a food writer and campaigner, has some advice: baked beans, stuffing, lemon juice, tinned tomatoes and tomato ketchup, described as "salt, sugar, vinegar and tomato all in one handy squeezy bottle." And if that doesn't appeal, you can always wait until you visit mum and dad for a slap-up meal!词汇表a recipe for disaster 后患无穷staples 主食baked beans 番茄汁烘黄豆spaghetti bolognaise 意大利番茄肉酱面jar sauces 罐装酱rose harissa paste 哈里沙玫瑰辣酱organic cider vinegar 有机苹果醋bouillon powder （浓缩的）肉汤粉vegan 纯素食的，不食用任何动物产品的Asian influences 亚洲影响vegetarian 素食主义的well-balanced （营养）均衡的culinary 烹饪的takeaways 外卖食品microwave meals （加热即食的）微波食物health-conscious 注重健康的tomato ketchup 番茄酱squeezy 挤压式的a slap-up meal 一顿丰盛的大餐测验与练习1. 阅读课文并回答问题。1. What's the main ingredient of spaghetti bolognaise?2. According to the article, why might buying rose harissa paste be a problem for budget-conscious students?3. What type of food does one student, named in the article, find cheaper and easier to cook?4. True or false? Health-conscious students survive on takeaways and microwave meals.5. Which word in the text means 'good at thinking of new, different and original ideas'?2. 请在不参考课文的情况下完成下列练习。选择一个意思合适的单词填入句子的空格处。1. It will be a ______ if you get Freya and Colin to work together on the same project.disaster reciperecipe for disasterrecipe and disasterrecipe for disasters2. Food experts say ______ are low in fat, are full of protein and fibre, and they also provide important vitamins and minerals.bake beansbeans bakedbaking beansbaked beans3. The restaurant serves great steaks and burgers and also salads for the ______.staplesAsian influenceswell-balancedhealth-conscious4. I graduated today so my dad is treating me to a ______ meal.slap-upwell-balancedsqueezyculinary5. It's Saturday night, so let's get a ______ and relax in front of the TV.vegantakeawaytomato ketchupbouillon powder答案1. 阅读课文并回答问题。1.What's the main ingredient of spaghetti bolognaise?The main ingredient is minced beef.2. According to the article, why might buying rose harissa paste be a problem for budget-conscious students?This is considered expensive for some students who are living on a limited budget.3. What type of food does one student find cheaper and easier to cook?Student, Eleanor eats vegetarian food and finds this "easier and less expensive".4. True or false? Health-conscious students survive on takeaways and microwave meals.False. Students who can't cook or are too busy might eat takeaways and microwave meals, but they are not always healthy options.5. Which word in the text means 'good at thinking of new, different and original ideas'?Inventive. (Student Catrin said "We have to be quite inventive with our food".)2. 请在不参考课文的情况下完成下列练习。选择一个意思合适的单词填入句子的空格处。1. It will be a recipe for disaster if you get Freya and Colin to work together on the same project.2. Food experts say baked beans are low in fat, are full of protein and fibre, and they also provide important vitamins and minerals.3. The restaurant serves great steaks and burgers and also salads for the health-conscious.4. I graduated today so my dad is treating me to a slap-up meal.5. It's Saturday night, so let's get a takeaway and relax in front of the TV.文章来源：BBC英语教学微博