Here‘s the story of my growth over the past year。 If anyone is inspired by this， that’s wonderful。我要讲述的是自己过去一年来的成长经历。如果有人因此受到启示，我会觉得非常荣幸。I‘d been stuck as this incredibly insecure， under-confident， fat sack and just scared individual for years and years and years。 Since childhood I’d been stuck like this， and I‘d just resigned to a life where I’d be afraid of everything and be this ‘introvert ’ or whatever。多年以来，我一直是一个非常没有安全感，毫无自信，惶惶终日的人。这种状态从未发生过变化，从幼年起我就是这幅样子，我已经向生活妥协，把自己囚禁在这种对所有事物都感到畏惧，内向而胆怯的状态之中。But then it all started changing。 Something clicked， and in over a period of 6 months I finally managed to stick to one of my diets， and lost 90 lbs bringing me from overweight straight down to underweight。可是，在某个时刻，我的生活开始改变了。仿佛某种机关突然被启动了，在短短六个月的时间里，我终于完成了一次节食计划，减掉了90磅的体重，从体重超标一下子变成了体重过轻。This taught me that I could change myself。这让我明白，我有力量去改变我自己。One single time， I heard about a public speaking thing going on at my university， and for the first time， I actually managed to puck the courage to go there。与此同时，我偶然听说我就读的大学正在举办公开演讲活动，在我人生中第一次，我真的鼓起勇气去参加了活动。It was liberating。 For the first time I was able to share my story， and able to do it in front of dozens of people potentially judging me， and suddenly all the random fears about speaking publicly started vanishing。这让我有种被释放的感觉。有生以来第一次，我能够分享自己的故事，能够当着上百的观众分享我的故事，尽管他们可能正在暗中议论我。突然间，我对公开演讲的恐惧开始消失了。This taught me I could get rid of my fears。这让我知道，我能够摆脱自己的恐惧。It was from that point on my road to change went from a rocky mess to a full-on empty highway， and I started changing rapidly。正是从那一刻起，我的自我改变之路从荆棘丛生、乱石林立变成了。我开始迅速的发生变化。Using the fact that I could change， and that I could get rid of my fears， I started working on them one by one。 My fear of greeting strangers， my fear of talking to strangers， my fear of asking simple questions I should ‘already know’， my fear of hanging out with people， my fear of not knowing things， my fear of being myself， my fear of being ‘weird ’。。。持着“我能改变自己”的信念，还有“我能克服恐惧”的决心，我开始一个、一个的攻破自己的恐惧。我与陌生人打交道时感到的恐惧、我与生人交谈时感到的恐惧，我与旁人交往时感到的恐惧，我对自己的无知的恐惧，我对自身的恐惧，我对自己是个“异类”的恐惧。All of them。 Gone。所有这些，都消失了。And I still continue to progress to this day， I‘ve never stopped。到今天为止，我仍在继续改变。我从未停下。来源：沪江英语