To love and to be loved爱与被爱It is not enough for us to say “I love God。” but I also have to love my neighbor。 St.John says you are a liar if you say you love God and you don‘t love you neighbor。 How can you love God whom you do not see， if you do not love you neighbor whom you can see， whom you touch， with whom you live？ And so it is very important for us to realize that love， to be true， has to hurt。 I must be willing to give whatever it takes not to harm other people and， in fact， to do good to them。 This requires that I be willing to give until it hurts。 Otherwise there is not true love in me and I bring injustice， not peace， to those around me。我们只说：“我爱上帝”是不够的。我还应该爱我的邻居。圣约翰说如果你声称你爱上帝而不爱你的邻里乡亲，那你就是骗子。如果你不爱一个你能见到，你能接触并能生活在一起的邻居，那么你怎能爱一个你看不见的上帝？所以我们应意识到爱也会带来痛苦，这一点很重要。我愿意付出我的爱，只要这爱不伤害他人，事实上反而对他人有好处。这就要求我愿意付出，直至它带来痛苦。否则我就没有真爱，而且我给周围的人带来的不是和平而是不公正。Liar /ˈlaɪə（r）/ n。 说谎者Otherwise /ˈʌðəwaɪz/ adv。 否则；另外；别的方式；adj。 别的，另外的Injustice /ɪnˈdʒʌstɪs/ n。 不公平；冤枉；非正义It hurt Jesus to love us。 We have been created in his image for greater things， to love and to be loved。 We must “put on Chirst，” as Scripture tells us。 and so we have created to love as he loves us。 Jesus makes himself the hungry one， the naked one， the homeless one， the unwanted one， and he says， “you did it to me。” On the last day he will say to those on his right， “what ever you did the least of these， you did to me，” and he will say to those on his left “whatever you neglected to do for the least of these， you neglected to do it for me。“耶稣爱我们的时候也会感到痛苦。我们在它形象的影响下从事伟大的事业，去爱别人也为人所爱。我们必须像《圣经》 所说“按基督意志行事”。我们天生就具有爱心，就像上帝爱我们一样。耶稣将自己塑造成为一个饥饿之人，一个裸体之人，一个无家可归之人，一个没有人需要之人，他说：“你就这样对我。”在最后一天，它会对他右侧的人说：“你怎样对待草民就怎样对待我。”而他对左侧的人说：“你忘记了为草民做些什么就是忘记了为我做些什么。”Image /ˈɪmɪdʒ/ n。 影像；肖像Scripture /ˈskrɪptʃə（r）/ n。 《圣经》Homeless /ˈhəʊmləs/ adj。 无家可归的Neglect /nɪˈglekt/ v。 忽略；疏忽；遗漏Least /li：st/ adj。 最小的；最少的；adv。 最少，最小；n。 最小；最少量When he is dying on the Cross， Jesus says ，“I thirst。“ Jesus thirsting for our love， and this is the thirst for everyone poor and rich alike， we all thirst for the love of others， that they go out of their way to avoid harming us to do good to us。 This is the meaning of true love， to give until it hurts。在他即将在十字架上被处死时，耶稣说：“我渴望。”他渴望我们的爱，这是对所有人的爱的渴望，这种渴望对贫富一视同仁。我们都渴望别人的爱，渴望他们特地对我们友好，尽量不伤害我们。不惜痛苦地去施爱，这就是真爱的意义。Thirst /θɜ：st/ v。 口渴；渴望Avoid /əˈvɔɪd/ v。 避开，避免，预防来源：每日学英语微信公众账号