1。 Stop spending time with the wrong people。不要花时间和错误的人相处。    Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you。  If someone wants you in their life， they’ll make room for you。  You shouldn’t have to fight for a spot。  Never， ever insist yourself to someone who continuously overlooks your worth。  And remember， it’s not the people that stand by your side when you’re at your best， but the ones who stand beside you when you’re at your worst that are your true friends。人生苦短，没有必要和那些令你不快乐的人纠缠。如果那个人需要你，你不需要刻意去做什么，他/她自然会留出你的位置。绝对不要和那些低看了你价值的人在一起。记住，一帆风顺时守在自己身边并不珍贵，当你深陷困境却依然和你并肩在一起的才是真正的朋友。2。 Stop running from your problems。不要逃避问题。Face them head on。  No， it won’t be easy。  There is no person in the world capable of flawlessly handling every punch thrown at them。  We aren’t supposed to be able to instantly solve problems。  That’s not how we’re made。  In fact， we’re made to get upset， sad， hurt， stumble and fall。  Because that’s the whole purpose of living – to face problems， learn， adapt， and solve them over the course of time。  This is what ultimately molds us into the person we become。直面并解决问题。没错，这很不容易。世上没有人能够轻松的渡过每一个难关。 也没有人就能不停地轻松地战胜困难。事实上，我们本就该迷茫，伤心，难过，出差错，因为那是生活的意义所在——去面对问题，去学习，去适应，随着时间的发展学会解决问题，塑造了我们成为什么样的人。3。 Stop lying to yourself。不要欺骗自己。You can lie to anyone else in the world， but you can’t lie to yourself。  Our lives improve only when we take chances， and the first and most difficult chance we can take is to be honest with ourselves。你可以对世界上任何一个人撒谎，唯独不能跟自己撒谎。只有我们不断接受挑战，生活才能前进，然第一个也是最难的挑战就是诚实的面对自己。4。 Stop putting your own needs on the back burner。不要把自己的需求排在最后。The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much， and forgetting that you are special too。  Yes， help others； but help yourself too。  If there was ever a moment to follow your passion and do something that matters to you， that moment is now。世界上最悲惨的事情是，太爱某一个人而丢失了自己，忘记了自己也是不一样的存在。是的，要帮助别人，但是更要爱护自己。如果你从没有跟从自己的内心，从没有为自己做些重要的事情，那现在就开始。5。 Stop trying to be someone you’re not。不要强迫自己成为理想的别人。One of the greatest challenges in life is being yourself in a world that’s trying to make you like everyone else。  Someone will always be prettier， someone will always be smarter， someone will always be younger， but they will never be you。  Don’t change so people will like you。  Be yourself and the right people will love the real you。世上最大的挑战就是将自己改变成为另一个人。总有人更加漂亮，总有人更聪明，总有人更年轻，但他们都不是你。不要为了让别人更喜欢自己而去强迫自己改变。做自己，对的人会爱真正的你。6。 Stop trying to hold onto the past。不要总是攥着过去。You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading your last one。如果你一直重读昨天，那很难翻开人生新的篇章。7。 Stop being scared to make a mistake。不要害怕犯错。Doing something and getting it wrong is at least ten times more productive than doing nothing。  Every success has a trail of failures behind it， and every failure is leading towards success。  You end up regretting the things you did NOT do far more than the things you did。不断尝试，哪怕是错了，也比什么都不做好十几倍。每份成功背后都有无数的失败，每一次失败都是通往成功的尝试。你会为没有做过的事情后悔而不是去尝试了的。8。 Stop berating yourself for old mistakes。不要为过去的错误而折磨自己。We may love the wrong person and cry about the wrong things， but no matter how things go wrong， one thing is for sure， mistakes help us find the person and things that are right for us。  We all make mistakes， have struggles， and even regret things in our past。  But you are not your mistakes， you are not your struggles， and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future。  Every single thing that has ever happened in your life is preparing you for a moment that is yet to come。我们也许会错爱过某个人，为某件错事而哭泣，但是不论多大的错事，可以确定的是，错误的人或事会帮我们找到适合自己的人或事。我们都会犯错，都会挣扎，甚至后悔过去做的事情。但是如今，你不是曾经犯错误的你，更不是曾经不停挣扎着的你，你是全新的自己，那个有能力塑造新的现在和未来的你。曾经发生的每一件事都是在为将要到来的时刻做准备。9。 Stop trying to buy happiness。不要试图“购买”幸福。Many of the things we desire are expensive。  But the truth is， the things that really satisfy us are totally free – love， laughter and working on our passions。我们想要的很多东西都非常昂贵。但事实是，真正适合我们的事情往往都是免费的--真爱，微笑，激情的工作。10。 Stop exclusively looking to others for happiness。不要幻想通过其他人来获得幸福。If you’re not happy with who you are on the inside， you won’t be happy in a long-term relationship with anyone else either。  You have to create stability in your own life first before you can share it with someone else。如果你对内在的自己不满意，那你很难在一段和别人的长期关系中获得幸福。你要先建立自己的幸福才能和别人分享这份幸福。11。 Stop being idle。不要闲着。Don‘t think too much or you’ll create a problem that wasn’t even there in the first place。 Evaluate situations and take decisive action。  You cannot change what you refuse to confront。 Making progress involves risk。 Period！ You can‘t make it to second base with your foot on first。别想太多，不然你会制造出很多不必要的麻烦。评估一下情况然后就做决定。你无法改变你不能面对的事。前进总是意味着承担风险。不迈出第一步，你就无法走出第二步，生活就是这样的。12。 Stop thinking you‘re not ready。不要总是想自己还未做好准备。Nobody ever feels 100% ready when an opportunity arises。  Because most great opportunities in life force us to grow beyond our comfort zones， which means we won’t feel totally comfortable at first。当机会来了，没有人会觉的自己做好了100%的准备。因为生活中的重大机会总是会迫使我们走出自己的舒适区，这就意味着刚开始的时候我们肯定会感觉不舒服。13。 Stop getting involved in relationships for the wrong reasons。不要因为某个错误的原因开始一段感情。Relationships must be chosen wisely。  It‘s better to be alone than to be in bad company。  There’s no need to rush。  If something is meant to be， it will happen – in the right time， with the right person， and for the best reason。 Fall in love when you’re ready， not when you‘re lonely。必须要明智的选择感情。有个错误的伴侣还不如单身呢。没有必要着急。如果缘分到了，一切都会到来的——在合适的时间跟合适的人。投入一段爱情是因为时机到了而不是感到孤单。14。 Stop rejecting new relationships just because old ones didn’t work。 不要因为之前恋情的失败而拒绝新的感情。In life you‘ll realize that there is a purpose for everyone you meet。 Some will test you， some will use you and some will teach you。  But most importantly， some will bring out the best in you。在生命的长河中你会慢慢意识到，遇到所有的人都是命中注定的。有人会考验你，有人会利用你，有人引导你。但是最重要的是，这些会引领你找到真爱。15。 Stop trying to compete against everyone else。不要总是和别人竞争。Don‘t worry about what others are doing better than you。 Concentrate on beating your own records every day。 Success is a battle between You and Yourself only。不要担心其他人做的比你好。每天要专心于超越自己，成功只是一场自己跟自己的战役。16。 Stop being jealous of others。不要嫉妒他人。Jealousy is the art of counting someone else’s blessings instead of your own。  Ask yourself this：  “What‘s something I have that everyone wants？”嫉妒其实就是在细数别人的幸福却忽视了自己的幸福。要常问问自己：“我拥有哪些别人羡慕不已的东西呢？”17。 Stop complaining and feeling sorry for yourself。停止抱怨和内疚。Life‘s curveballs are thrown for a reason – to shift your path in a direction that is meant for you。 You may not see or understand everything the moment it happens， and it may be tough。  But reflect back on those negative curveballs thrown at you in the past。  You’ll often see that eventually they led you to a better place， person， state of mind， or situation。  So smile！  Let everyone know that today you are a lot stronger than you were yesterday， and you will be。生命中的挫折都是有其存在的意义，它让你重新步入人生的正轨。或许你还无法理解这些事情发生的原因，或许它们对你来说是痛苦难熬的。但是，当你回头审视这些挫折时，你会发现它们最后会让你变得更出色。所以，你要笑着面对人生中的困境。你要让别人都看到今天的你要比昨天的你更强，而且明天的你会变得更强。18.Stop holding grudges。放开心中的恨。Don‘t live your life with hate in your heart。  You will end up hurting yourself more than the people you hate。  Forgiveness is not saying， “What you did to me is okay。”  It is saying， “I’m not going to let what you did to me ruin my happiness forever。”  Forgiveness is the answer… let go， find peace， liberate yourself！  And remember， forgiveness is not just for other people， it’s for you too。  If you must， forgive yourself， move on and try to do better next time。如果人心中有恨，最终给自己带来的伤害要远远多出别人所带给自己的伤害。原谅不是说“我不介意你曾经伤害过我”，而是要说，“我不会让你的所作所为毁掉我今后的幸福生活。”宽恕是问题的答案——放手过去、找到内心的平静、最后解放自己！而且，你要记住宽恕并不只是对别人，同时也是对你自己的。如有必要，宽恕自己，然后继续人生的脚步并在下一回做得更好。19。 Stop letting others bring you down to their level。不要让别人拉低了自己的水准。Refuse to lower your standards to accommodate those who refuse to raise theirs。不要为了迎合那些不愿激励别人的人而降低自己对目标的期望。20。 Stop wasting time explaining yourself to others。不要浪费时间一再地向别人解释自己。Your friends don’t need it and your enemies won’t believe it anyway。  Just do what you know in your heart is right。你的朋友不需要你作任何解释也能理解你，而你的敌人永远都不会相信你说的话。所有，你的内心告诉你什么事是正确的，那就去做吧。21。 Stop doing the same things over and over without taking a break。不要总是不停地做同一件事，而忘记停下来思考一下。The time to take a deep breath is when you don’t have time for it。  If you keep doing what you’re doing， you’ll keep getting what you’re getting。 Sometimes you need to distance yourself to see things clearly。当你觉得自己忙不过来的时候，停下来做一下深呼吸。假如你继续做你一直再做的事，你只会不停地得到你早已得到的东西。有的时候，你需停下来，好让自己看得更清楚。22。 Stop overlooking the beauty of small moments。不要低估了细微时刻的美妙之处。Enjoy the little things， because one day you may look back and discover they were the big things。 The best portion of your life will be the small， nameless moments you spend smiling with someone who matters to you。欣赏那些微不足道的事，因为或许某天当你回望人生时，你会发现它们是无比重要的事。你人生中最美妙的组成部分便是由那些零零碎碎的片段串联而成的，一如你对某人投去的一抹微笑。23。 Stop trying to make things perfect。不要事事追求完美。The real world doesn‘t reward perfectionists， it rewards people who get things done。 现实世界不偏爱完美主义者，它只回报那些最终能够完成任务的人。24。 Stop following the path of least resistance。不要总是走阻力最小的人生道路。Life is not easy， especially when you plan on achieving something worthwhile。  Don’t take the easy way out。  Do something extraordinary。人生不易，尤其是当你有一个伟大的梦想时候，你将来会遭遇到的困难会更大、更多。不要去做没有挑战性的事，去做些一鸣惊人的事吧。25。 Stop acting like everything is fine if it isn‘t。不要假装一切都很顺利。It‘s okay to fall apart for a little while。  You don’t always have to pretend to be strong， and there is no need to constantly prove that everything is going well。  You shouldn’t be concerned with what other people are thinking either – cry if you need to – it’s healthy to shed your tears。  The sooner you do， the sooner you will be able to smile again。挫败感或灰心丧气是很正常的一件事。你不必假装自己很坚强，而且你根本就没有必要向别人证明一切都如我所愿。你也不用太在意别人是怎么看待你。想哭就哭吧，流流泪也有益于健康。越快释放压抑的情绪，快乐就会越快降临。26。 Stop blaming others for your troubles。不要将自己的麻烦归咎给别人。The extent to which you can achieve your dreams depends on the extent to which you take responsibility for your life。  When you blame others for what you’re going through， you deny responsibility – you give others power over that part of your life。你是否能实现自己的梦想在很大程度上就取决于你是否对自己负责。当你把自己所面对困难都归咎于别人时，你也就是在逃避责任——不是别人而是你自己才能改变自己的人生。27。 Stop trying to be everything to everyone。不要试图成为一个人的全部。Doing so is impossible， and trying will only burn you out。 But making one person smile CAN change the world。 Maybe not the whole world， but their world。  So narrow your focus。这想法只会让你更筋疲力尽。但是，给你身边的人带去一点快乐确实能改变这个世界，即便无法让整个世界变得更美好，但你确实让那个人的世界变得更美好了。所以，把你的注意力都聚焦在你力所能及的地方。28。 Stop worrying so much。不要忧虑重重。Worry will not strip tomorrow of its burdens， it will strip today of its joy。  One way to check if something is worth mulling over is to ask yourself this question： “Will this matter in one year’s time？  Three years？  Five years？”  If not， then it’s not worth worrying about。忧虑不会带走明天的负担，但它确能带走今天的快乐。而有些事情却是值得你去深思的，判断方法就是问自己：“这件事在1年后、3年后、5年后是否还有重要意义吗？”如果不是的话，你没有什么好忧虑的。29.Stop focusing on what you don’t want to happen。不要把注意力都放在不想要发生的事情上。Focus on what you do want to happen。  Positive thinking is at the forefront of every great success story。  If you awake every morning with the thought that something wonderful will happen in your life today， and you pay close attention， you’ll often find that you’re right。你应该把注意力放在你想要发生的事情上。积极思考总是出现在每一则成功故事的序幕里。如过你每天醒来时想的是美好的事情就会在今天发生的话，你就会发现事实就是如此。30。 Stop being ungrateful。不要忘了感激你所拥有的一切。No matter how good or bad you have it， wake up each day thankful for your life。  Someone somewhere else is desperately fighting for theirs。  Instead of thinking about what you’re missing， try thinking about what you have that everyone else is missing。不论你人生际遇如何，每一天都要心怀感激醒来。在世界某处某些人还在为自己的命运无望地抗争着。所以，不要去想自己错过了什么，想想自己拥有哪些其他人没有的。人的一生，总会有许多十字路口，向左，还是向右，迷茫的我们无从判断。这30件不值得我们去做的事，让自己在人生选择时知道该选择什么，放弃什么，不要再迷茫。来源：微英语微信公众账号