原标题：考官最讨厌的十种雅思写作开头知道为什么你的雅思写作分低么？为啥学习了那么多技巧没个卵用？华丽辞藻用了好多仍是万年5.5？很有一种可能就是你的开头就让雅思考官愤然扣分！10种考官看了想打人、想吐血的开头吧！你都用上了几种？考官最讨厌的十种雅思写作开头一、中式英语讨厌指数：一星用中式英文开头，不仅会让考官看不懂，还暴露了你的语言功底，语料积累匮乏，是雅思写作中的大忌。比如：写作主题 1The happiest moment in your life案例：In our life, there are always some moments which make your heart flower opened angrily……写作主题 2The population problem案例：The population problem is a very big problem. For example, in the city centers of Shanghai, we can always see people mountain people sea there.写作主题 3Is there fairness in today’s business world?案例：I think in today’s society, there is no fairness in the business world. For example, I always chopped when I go out buy things……二、胡乱翻译中国俗语讨厌指数：一星半胡乱翻译中国俗语会起反作用，毕竟考官对中国俗语并不“感冒”，反而会引起考官反感。比如：写作主题 1Is it good to have a large family?案例：I think it is good to have a large family. Because we Chinese believe a sentence: “Many sons, many lucks”……写作主题 2Do you think one’s character is greatly influenced by his/her family?案例：Chinese old words says very good: Dragon born dragon, phoenix born phoenix, rat’s son can make hole……写作主题 3The advantage of being a nice person案例：I believe one sentence:“A good person is all life safe”. We Chinese people always say: “Good has good pay, bad has bad pay”.西安封闭式雅思培训学校整理：考官最讨厌的十种雅思写作开头三、超级啰嗦讨厌指数：两星开篇就要主题明了清晰，上来就啰啰嗦嗦表达不清，考官自然认为你的观点模糊，甚至不会表达。比如：写作主题 1Should college students be allowed to get married?案例：This topic is very interesting. I’m very interested in talking about this topic. Because I’m also a college student and I’m not married……写作主题 2Will modern technology, such as the Internet, ever replace the book or the writing word as the sole source of information?案例：Ok, this topic is a very good topic. First, let me tell you a story: I have a friend, he likes go on the internet very much. Every day, he uses internet to read news or play internet games. So we can see the internet is more and more important in our daily life.四、偏离主题讨厌指数：两星半文不对题自然会扣分，给考官留下的印象就是跑题，想想整体写作分数还会高么？比如：写作主题It is said that nowadays one can‘t acquire the qualifications and quality essential to success through university education. To what extent do you agree or disagree with the statement?案例：I think to success, we must have a lot of important qualities. To have these important qualities, we must learn a lot of things, for example, English, music tools, and etc. We can learn these qualities from our teachers, our friends and from books. All in all, we can learn from many places.五、观点不明朗讨厌指数：三星雅思大作文很重要的一点就是你的逻辑性和观点，如果观点都不明确，后面的举例证明等都会缺乏说服力，自然分数也不会高。比如：写作主题Should college students be allowed to get married?案例：I think this topic is very hard to say. Because I am still very little,only 17, and not married, so this topic is very difficult for me……六、语法错误不断讨厌指数：三星半涉及到雅思写作评分标准中的语法多样性和准确性，语法错误不断自然会成为扣分点。比如：写作主题If children behave badly, should their parents acceptresponsibility and also be punished?案例：About this problem, my think is if children behave badly, then parents arenot right. Because teach child is parent’s responsibility.七、意思反复重复讨厌指数：四星反复重复一个意思，让考官会觉得你并没有什么可以表达的，或者词汇表达能力有限，自然也会扣分。比如：写作主题Your opinion on DINK families案例：My opinion on DINK families is that DINK families is not a good thing. And it is a bad thing. It brings no benefits to our society and it is even sometimes harmful to our society.八、观点绝对化讨厌指数：四星半考生在使用语言描述事物或者表达自己的观点时，应尽可能避免语言过于绝对化，更应该注意该语言中非绝对化表达方式的学习，这样才能尽显文章内容的客观性。比如：写作主题 1The importance of confidence案例：In my opinion, confidence is the most important thing for a person. All the successful people in the world are full of confidence. While those people who don’t have confidence, they all have failed.写作主题 2The solution to the traffic problem案例：I think to solve the traffic problem, very easy! For those who don’t obey the traffic rules, we should put all of them into prison. If we do that, I’m sure there will be no traffic problem any more.九、内容过分简单讨厌指数：五星！考官想给你打分都没有内容，所以切记开头不要只写一两句话。比如：写作主题The importance of environmental protection案例：This issue is surely very important, let’s talk about it!十、用词不当讨厌指数：五星！用词不当会暴露你的词汇，而且评分标准中谈到“在不同的语境中，使用正确的词性；”所以在使用词汇的时候，正确性也是非常重要的。比如：写作主题Should college students be allowed to get married?案例：I think college students should not be allowed to get married because they are very young and so we can’t take the responsibility to form a family.本文转载自《思润教育雅思托福培训学校》的新浪博客，点击阅读原文。新浪声明：此消息系转载自合作单位，新浪网登载此文出于传递更多信息之目的，并不意味着赞同其观点或证实其描述，文章内容仅供参考。