下面是关于名词/动词work的英语习语和表达。每个习语或表达后面都有定义解释，以及两个例子来帮助你理解这些关于work的常见习语表达。English Idioms and Expressions英语习语和表达1.All in a day‘s workDefinition： nothing special， part of the routine没什么特别的，日常工作的一部分。Don‘t worry about it。 It’s all in a day‘s work。别担心了。这不足为奇。Cooking is all in a day‘s work。做饭是日常事务的一部分。2.All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy。Definition： Idiom meaning that you need to have fun in order to be a happy， healthy person习语，意思是为了成为一个快乐、健康的人，就得玩得开心。Go home！ Remember： All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy。回家吧！记住：只工作不休息，聪明孩子也变傻。I‘m worried about him。 He hasn’t yet understood that all work and no play makes jack a dull boy。我很担心他。他不明白，只工作，不玩耍，聪明的孩子会变傻。3.Dirty workDefinition： Necessary， but uninteresting， or difficult work必要的，但乏味或艰难的工作。He did the dirty work on that project。他干的是这个项目里的苦活儿。Have you got around to doing the dirty work yet？你开始考虑干这个苦活了吗？4.Get down to workDefinition： Stop relaxing， focus on important task停止休息，将注意力集中在重要的任务上。Hey， let‘s get down to work here！嘿，开始干活了！Sorry， I‘ve got to get off the phone and get down to work。抱歉，我要放下电话开始干活了。5.Get worked up over somethingDefinition： become angry or annoyed about something对某事感到愤怒或烦恼He got all worked up over the last exam。他对上次考试极其不满意。Don‘t get worked up over the garden。 I’ll take care of it tomorrow。别为园艺的活感到郁闷了。明天我会照顾它们的。6.Make short work of somethingDefinition： do something quickly迅速做某事I made short work of the assignment and moved on to the next job。我迅速完成了任务，然后又开始忙下一个。Give it to John。 He‘ll make short work of it。交给约翰吧。他很快就会完成的。7.Work like a horseDefinition： work a lot， work very hard辛勤地完成大量的工作Janet works like a horse！珍妮特辛勤地工作着。Why don‘t you ask Tom。 He works like a horse。你为什么不问问约翰呢。他工作特别勤恳。8.Work out for the bestDefinition： eventually finish well圆满完成Don‘t worry about your problems。 Everything will work out for the best。别担心你的问题了。一切都会圆满结束的。The divorce worked out for the best for the whole family。对这个家庭来说，离婚是最好的结果。9.Work something offDefinition： lose weight减肥I‘m going running to work dinner off。我准备通过跑步来减肥。She went to the gym to work off a few pounds。她在健身房里减掉了几磅肉。10.Throw a monkey wrench in the worksDefinition： cause a disturbance in something that seems clear and understandable对清楚明了的事进行破坏I hate to throw a monkey wrench in the works， but don‘t you think we should ask Andy to help。我讨厌搞破坏，但你认为我们是否应该像安迪求助呢？Everything was set to go when Jack threw a monkey wrench in the works！当杰克搞破坏时，一切已成定局。来源：沪江英语